---
title: Privacy Policy - KitleOyun
layout: default
body_class: page-privacy
---

<div class="page-caption">
	<h2 class="caption">Privacy Policy</h2>
</div>
<section class="text">
	<div class="container tight bg-accent top-space-2x bottom-space-2x">
		<p><i>Last modified: May 03, 2019</i></p>
		<p>
			<a href="eu.html">Privacy Notice</a> for the EU users of our software and our EU business
			partners and suppliers.
		</p>
		<p>We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The
			following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.</p>
		<p>We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time, so be sure to check it periodically.</p><br />
		<h3>Personal Information</h3>
		<p>All personal details that you provide to our website are absolutely safe, private, and secure. We respect the
			importance of information security and confidentiality, and do not disclose them to outside sources.</p>
		<p>We do not share your information with any third parties, with the exception of verified and secure e-commerce
			payment providers. When placing orders, our e-commerce provider handles your personal information and keeps it
			absolutely safe and secure—in fact, even we cannot access your credit card information. Your personal
			information (excluding credit card data) is shared with us only for administration purposes.</p>
		<p>You can always choose not to provide your personal details, though they might be needed to make a purchase or
			take advantage of some of KitleOyun.com's specific features.</p><br />
		<h3>Information Collection and Use</h3>
		<p>KitleOyun collects personal information to improve the manner in which we operate and offer our products and
			services, communicate with you about those products and services, and provide effective, timely customer support
			when needed. We may collect the following information from our users:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>First name, last name, email address, billing address, and phone number</li>
			<li>For processing transactions, we also collect either credit card information or bank information, depending
				on your form of payment, though we do not store any credit card information once your transaction is complete
			</li>
		</ul>
		<p>We also collect Non-Personal Information, a term that refers to data that does not identify you. Such
			information can be related to the Games (including but not limited to your in-game score, how long you’ve been
			playing, and your in-game activities) or to the general use (including but not limited to internet protocol
			addresses, browser types, browser languages, referring and exit URLs, and number of clicks).</p>
		<p>We reserve the right to use all content generated by our users. By such content, we mean all content that users
			publish through the game and that is visible to other users (including but not limited to wall posts, sent
			messages, and other kinds of interaction with other players). Please note that KitleOyun does not guarantee the
			protection of any Personal Information posted in comments and/or on user walls. With that in mind, please
			double-check information before publishing it in the public domain. We are in no way responsible for how that
			information is used by other parties.</p>
		<p>Our website may use cookies to store information about your visits. While cookies contain no personal
			information, they help us identify you as a unique user and/or your browser session. Cookies allow you to take
			full advantage of some of KitleOyun.com’s best features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on. In
			addition, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser while serving
			advertisements to this site. You can always turn cookies off in your browser settings.</p>
		<p>Personal and Non-Personal Information help us improve the quality of our products, services, and content,
			and/or technically manage our website or applications (including but not limited to logging your IP address to
			monitor traffic). We will never disclose your IP address to a third party.</p>
		<p>We may use your Personal Information to contact you as needed, including but not limited to by sending you
			notifications. If you do not want to receive further notifications from us, you can always disable this option.
		</p>
		<p>In the event that local law requires, and/or if we believe it will help avoid liability or fraud, and/or to
			comply with legal processes, we may disclose or access information about you, including but not limited to
			sharing information with the government and other companies. KitleOyun does not have to and will not question
			governmental requests and processes.</p><br />
		<h4><i>Special Note about Children</i></h4><br />
		<p>According to our Terms of Use, you must be at least 13 years old to access and/or use our website and software.
		</p>
		<p>We do not collect information about children under the age of 13. In the event any personal information was
			collected, we will delete it as soon as possible if you contact us at: <a
				href="mailto:contact@kitleoyun.com">contact@kitleoyun.com</a>.</p>
		<p>We strongly recommend that minors aged 13-17 seek consent from a parent or legal guardian before accessing
			and/or using our website or Games and providing any private information.</p><br />
		<h3>E-mail Newsletter</h3>
		<p>Our newsletter is run on an opt-out basis, and we never send unsolicited emails. The only information gathered
			when users voluntarily sign up for our newsletter is their email address. This information is used solely by
			KitleOyun and is not sold to or used by any third party. KitleOyun uses this information exclusively to send our
			regular newsletter about product updates, new releases, and special offers. If you do not want to receive
			newsletters or other emails from us, you can unsubscribe from them at any time using the clear instructions
			found in every email we send.</p><br />
		<h3>Security</h3>
		<p>We have taken appropriate steps and followed industry standards to secure all personal data stored by our
			systems. All transactions are processed in keeping with the highest security level protocols, ensuring that no
			one can access or use personal information in an unauthorized manner.</p>
		<p>However, while we take responsible measures to protect your Personal Information, the internet is not a 100%
			secure environment. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of all information transmitted or electronically
			stored. We disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to, disclosure or damage to, theft of, or loss of
			any Personal Information. By using our website and/or our software, you acknowledge that you understand and
			agree to assume these risks.</p>
		<p>Please note that you can terminate your account at any time and request that we completely delete all of your
			data we have stored. Just contact us at: <a href="mailto:contact@kitleoyun.com">contact@kitleoyun.com</a>.</p><br />
		<h3>Credit Card Transactions</h3>
		<p>We do not store any credit card information (name, credit card number, and expiration date) for any purchases
			made on our site.</p><br />
		<h3>External Links</h3>
		<p>Our website and/or software may have links to other sites. We are not responsible for their content,
			activities, or the way they use the information they collect and/or you may provide to them. Please review their
			privacy policies.</p><br />
		<h3>Third-Party Data Collection and Use of End-User Information</h3>
		<p>When you use or connect to a KitleOyun’s website or download KitleOyun’s software via a third party platform —
			including Facebook — you allow us to access and/or collect certain information from your third-party platform
			profile/account. You additionally allow us to access information contained in cookies placed on your device by
			the third-party platform as permitted by the terms of your agreement and privacy settings with that platform. We
			may share this information with the third-party platform for their use as permitted by the terms of your
			agreement with and privacy settings on that platform.</p>
		<p>Our games may contain third-party tracking tools from our service providers, for example, Google Analytics.
			Such third parties may use SDKs, APIs, and cookies in our games to enable them to collect and analyze user
			information on our behalf. In order to provide their services, the third parties may have access to information
			such as your IP address, MAC address, geo-location, IMEI, and device identifier. For more information about
			Google Analytics’ privacy policy and opt-out opportunities, please visit this <a
				href="https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/" target="_blank">link</a>.</p><br />
		<h3>Agreement with KitleOyun Policies</h3>
		<p>By using the KitleOyun website, our products, or our services, you express your understanding of and consent to
			the KitleOyun Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, we strongly urge you to refrain from using the
			KitleOyun website, products, and services.</p><br />
		<h3>Advertising ID</h3>
		<p>The advertising ID is a unique, user-resettable ID for advertising, provided by the mobile device’s operating
			system. We may use this ID to enhance serving and targeting capabilities, re-target specific campaigns, pass the
			ID to our partners. Advertising ID does not reveal any information about the user or the device. If you prefer
			to opt-out or reset your Advertising ID please follow these standard instructions:</p>
		<ul>
			<li>iOS - <a href="https://support.apple.com/en-us/HT202074">Opt out of interest-based ads in the App Store and
					Apple News</a></li>
			<li>Android - <a href="https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en">Opt out of seeing personalized ads</a></li>
		</ul>
		<br>
		<h3>Contact Us about Privacy</h3>
		<p>If for any reason you are concerned with the way that we may be using your personal information, you have
			questions about the privacy aspects of our products or services, or you wish to file a complaint, please contact
			us at: <a href="mailto:contact@kitleoyun.com">contact@kitleoyun.com</a>.</p>
		<button
			onclick='window.open("https://adserving.dsp.kitleoyun.com/user/opt-out/all.do", "OPTOUT", "width=20,height=20");'
			class="btn btn-default">opt-out</button>
	</div>
</section>
